README.md, before:

# Scoreboard Library

## Project Description

Welcome to the Live Football World Cup Scoreboard Library repository! This project is an application built with TypeScript that provides real-time updates on all ongoing matches and their scores during the Football World Cup.
## Features

- **Modular code structure**: Simplifies management and development of the application.
- **Preconfigured tools**: Support for ESLint, Prettier, and more.
- **Task automation**: Scripts for building, testing, and deploying the application.

## Project includes:
- **TypeScript 5+**
- **EsLint 9+**
- **Prettier 3+**
- **Jest 29+**

## Requirements
- Node.js (version 14 or newer)
- npm

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Osirys25/scoreboard-library.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd scoreboard-library
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm run install
    ```

## Running the Project

To run the project, use the following command:
```bash
  npm run test
```

## Linting the Project
To lint the project code, use the following command:
```bash
  npm run lint
```

Commit message:

Feature: Add Integration tests and scenarios (#5)
* Feature: Add Integration tests and scenarios

* Feature: Add Integration tests and scenarios

* Feature: Add Integration tests and scenarios

README.md, after:

# Scoreboard Library

## Project Description

Welcome to the Live Football World Cup Scoreboard Library repository! This project is an application built with TypeScript that provides real-time updates on all ongoing matches and their scores during the Football World Cup.
## Features

- **Modular code structure**: Simplifies management and development of the application.
- **Preconfigured tools**: Support for ESLint, Prettier, and more.
- **Task automation**: Scripts for building, testing, and deploying the application.

## Project includes:
- **TypeScript 5+**
- **EsLint 9+**
- **Prettier 3+**
- **Jest 29+**

## Requirements
- Node.js (version 14 or newer)
- npm

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Osirys25/scoreboard-library.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd scoreboard-library
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm run install
    ```

## Running the Project

To run the integration tests with specific scenarios, use the following command:
```bash
  npm run test:integration
```

To run the project with whole tests, use the following command:
```bash
  npm run test
```

## Linting the Project
To lint the project code, use the following command:
```bash
  npm run lint
```
